so I continued with harmonics so we've
got the basic building block so we now
know that we can sort of go up to the
octave up to the fifth and out of the
doctors above that and then you what you
do is you work up chromatically so you
start with your bean frap and just eat
as i say you can create your own kind of
little pattern whether you want to go
all etc and as you go you'll get more
tense so you're trying to counteract
that by being more relaxed and then what
you got is your ability to go further up
the instrument and then once you've got
that you've done your harmonics then you
can you can look for your finger out of
my register and what you find is that
any your for the first time be able to
play them or when you play them the
slightly fatter a bit more substantial
so the last finger that know is kind of
f30 Delta G
then you can once you got to that stage
and you can quite happily we get all
those notes then you can start having a
bit of a play around with your harmonics
or what have you so if i'm doing my
harmonics i tend to go right up to the
top yeah did a bit although my ears all
right so that's all you harmonics and
once you've got that then you can start
to play around with me and I'll go on to
my next sort of topic